[Docs][PyOV] Add information about testing pyapi (#14645)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/bindings/python/docs/contributing.md

# Contributing to OpenVINO™ Python API

#### Prerequisites

##### Enviroment
In case the Python version you have is not supported by OpenVINO, you can refer to [openvino/src/bindings/python/docs/python_version_upgrade.md](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/src/bindings/python/docs/python_version_upgrade.md) for instructions on how to download and build a newer, supported Python version.

> The environment set up is described in [build.md](./build.md#Example:_using_pyenv_with_OpenVINO™_on_Linux_based_system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment setup is described in [the example on the build.md page](./build.md#Example:_using_pyenv_with_OpenVINO™_on_Linux_based_system).
```

Author: done

> The environment setup is described in [the example on the build.md page](./build.md#Example:_using_pyenv_with_OpenVINO™_on_Linux_based_system).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The environment setup is described as part of the pyenv example in [the build.md page](./build.md#Example:_using_pyenv_with_OpenVINO™_on_Linux_based_system).
```

Author: done

##### Building
Building instructions can be found in [build.md](./build.md#_Building_the_OpenVINO™_Python_API).

## Contribution guidelines and best practices

#### How to contribute to Python API?
It is nothing special... :) First, make sure that all prerequisites are met and focus on writing the code itself. A good starting point is to have some knowledge of the Python language. C++ is also a vital language for OpenVINO™, so it is not a surprise that it is used in this part of the project as well.

Code snippets and detailed explanations can be found here:

[Examples of OpenVINO™ Python API code](./code_example.md)

##### Always test out our code! Don't forget about it before pushing and triggering CIs.

> Please refer to Test Guide available here:

Reviewer 2: To learn how to test your code, refer to the guide on
[how to test OpenVINO™ Python API](./test_examples.md#Running_OpenVINO™_Python_API_tests)

Author: done
